1. Were you able to reach their endpoint on the web?

So I am sure I would be able to, but there is nothing on your report.html to show meyour domain name. I see the  readme.md and the 
acrud operations. Which they all look good!
    
    1. can you successfully make requests and receive responses from all of their endpoints?
    Not at the moment, whcih maybe this is on my side, but just need the domain name to your web service.

2. What did you like about this service?

Just from the code side I like the idea of the web service. I do think that this is sort of similar to the social lab, and maybe you asked
Dr. Stewart. I like the hard delete over the soft delete.

3. What do you think about the paths that have been chosen?

All the paths make sense, othing is throwing me off. LIke I stated earlier I like the curl command for hard delete.

    1. Are they consistent? is there any possible point of confusion?

    No confusion.

4. What do you like about the structure of the responses from the different endpoints?

I do like the HTTP codes if something wromg does occur.

5. Describe one significant difference between your own P2 seervice and this person's. E.g.

The big difference right off the bat is the differnece between soft and hard delete. I wish that I wouldve implemented a hard delete. The 
other differnece is having several gets. I wanted the user to get a specific movie title and then also get all movies.

    1. Which might be easier to build a front end for (and why)?

    As of right now yours is simpler and cleaner so yours would be easier.

    2. Which codebase do you think would be more maintainable (and why)?

    Yours because each crud has only one response.

6. Is the code well-structured?

Yes the code is very well structured.

    1. if not, suggest some specific improvements

    None.

7. Did you find any other issues? If so, briefly enumerate them.

    Just the posting of your web server by the doamin name.

8. Do you have any other constructive comments for the author?

    1. might they want to consider adding any endpoint(s) to better facilitate a particular front end feature you're imagining?

    I would add several more endpoints, especially for get.

    2. might they be able to include more or less of the data in the response to an endpoint and better support the front end?

    I might add more than two attributes for the sql. Like number or email, just something related to the person.